1. Why are functions advantageous to have in your programs?
Ans 1 -> In a single programwe can call Python functions anywhere and  multiple times.We can avoid rewriting the code multiple times in a program. 

2. When does the code in a function run: when it's specified or when it's called?
Ans 2 -> the function of code run when we call it.

3. What statement creates a function?
Ans 3 -> The def keyword can define a function. 

4. What is the difference between a function and a function call?
Ans 4 ->A function is a block of code that do a particular operation a it accepts inputs as parameters and returns a result. 
A function call pass the control to a function and call it.

5. How many global scopes are there in a Python program? How many local scopes?
Ans 5 -> their atr  four Python scopes local scope, enclosing scope, global scope, and built-in— scope.A variables that  defined inside a function body have a local scope, and those defined outside have a global scope.

6. What happens to variables in a local scope when the function call returns?
Ans 6 ->The variable wit local scope will destroyed after function call returns.

7. What is the concept of a return value? Is it possible to have a return value in an expression?
Ans 7 ->  Yhe return statement used to  make your functions send Python objects back to the caller.No its possible to have a return value in an expression.

8. If a function does not have a return statement, what is the return value of a call to that function?
Ans 8 ->That return value will be None .

9. How do you make a function variable refer to the global variable?
By using global keyword the function variable refer to the global variable.

10. What is the data type of None?
Ans 10 ->None is a data type of NoneType and the None keyword is used to define a null value, or no value at all

11. What does the sentence import areallyourpetsnamederic do?
Ans 11 ->It will imports a module named areallyourpetsnamederic.

12. If you had a bacon() feature in a spam module, what would you call it after importing spam?
Ans 12 -> The  function can be called with spam. bacon().

13. What can you do to save a programme from crashing if it encounters an error?
Ans 13 -> We can handle this by exception handling , When programe encounters any error, the control is passed to the except block, it will avoide crasing the application.


14. What is the purpose of the try clause? What is the purpose of the except clause?
Ans 14 -> The try block lets you test a block of code for errors. The except block lets you handle the error.
